"Tianyu" digital home series shoulder diagonal bag
Unique design to make you
Carrying is like a backpack
But you can also quickly remove the equipment like a shoulder bag.
This is the digital home shoulder diagonal bag 5767.
When you go out to use, you can carry a backpack
Thick padded shoulder straps comfortably distribute weight evenly
When you need to remove the equipment
You just need to turn your backpack to the front
Top zipper opens outward
For quick and easy removal of the camera
Instant shooting
Your hands are free to remove any equipment
Easier and faster when you need to change lenses or install flash
The top has a storage compartment for flat objects
Such as filters, lens protection covers and lens cleaning paper.
It uses soft nylon fiber to protect the LCD display
The front cell is used to place other objects.
Such as light meters, mobile phones, MP3 personal walkman
And other accessories
"Tianyu" patent registered memory card and battery management system
Has been included in the front-end storage
When the shooting is finished, open the top collection equipment
Then turn the backpack to the back,
You can go to another venue immediately.
Digital home shoulder bag 5767, 5768, 5769 and 5770
All equipped with a collectible belt
The shoulder bag is securely attached to the back and is ideal for hiking or off-road bikes.
You can also personalize your one-shoulder diagonal bag and use it.
"Tianyu" fast matching system
Quickly install the leeches and lens bag
On the shoulder bag, use Velcro Velcro and hang buckle to fix
One shoulder straps are available in five sizes:
Shoulder diagonal bag 5766
Shoulder diagonal bag 5767
Shoulder diagonal bag 5768
Shoulder diagonal bag 5769
And the new single shoulder diagonal bag 5770
Sufficient to place two professional cameras with lenses
Detailed information on the digital shoulder-shoulder bag
Or looking for a dealer,
Please visit our website.
Www.tamrac.com
No matter what equipment you carry,
No One Carries it Off Better than Tamrac.